README.md, before:

# CudaHelioCommanderLight

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
<h3 align="center">CudaHelioCommanderLight</h3>

  <p align="center">
    CudaHelioCommander is a desktop application tool developed using C# and Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) for handling heliospheric computations allowing users to easily interact with and manipulate different aspects of heliospheric simulations, such as performing essential calculations and offering visualizations to facilitate data analysis of the computed data.
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/gladiatus55/CudaHelioCommanderLight"><strong>Repository »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/gladiatus55/CudaHelioCommanderLight/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/gladiatus55/CudaHelioCommanderLight/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

The tool is built with .NET 6.0, hence .NET 6.0 SDK is necessary to build the application.  

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
2. Install .NET 6.0 SDK
3. Build the tool (dotnet build CudaHelioCommanderLight.csproj)
4. Add libraries and tool is ready for use (place library files in libFiles folder, see attached example library files)
5. Run the tool (CudaHelioCommanderLight.exe)

### Dependencies

The tool uses Microsoft.Win32 library, hence Windows OS is required to run the tool.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

If you have a suggestion that would make the tool better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch
3. Commit your Changes
4. Push to the Branch
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the GPLv3 License. See `LICENSE` file for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Martin Nguyen - martin.nguyen@student.tuke.sk

Project Link: [https://github.com/gladiatus55/CudaHelioCommanderLight](https://github.com/gladiatus55/CudaHelioCommanderLight)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

CHCL-12 Not found library error + example file

README.md, after:

# CudaHelioCommanderLight

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
<h3 align="center">CudaHelioCommanderLight</h3>

  <p align="center">
    CudaHelioCommander is a desktop application tool developed using C# and Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) for handling heliospheric computations allowing users to easily interact with and manipulate different aspects of heliospheric simulations, such as performing essential calculations and offering visualizations to facilitate data analysis of the computed data.
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/gladiatus55/CudaHelioCommanderLight"><strong>Repository »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/gladiatus55/CudaHelioCommanderLight/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/gladiatus55/CudaHelioCommanderLight/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

The tool is built with .NET 6.0, hence .NET 6.0 SDK is necessary to build the application.  

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
2. Install .NET 6.0 SDK
3. Build the tool (dotnet build CudaHelioCommanderLight.csproj)
4. Add libraries and tool is ready for use (place library files in libFiles folder, see attached example library files)
5. Run the tool (CudaHelioCommanderLight.exe)

### Dependencies

The tool uses Microsoft.Win32 library, hence Windows OS is required to run the tool.

### Sample usage

1. Extract library .zip files and place them in libFiles folder
2. Run the tool
3. Select RMS compute option from the menu
4. Select file, f.e. AMS02_PRL2015_interpolated.dat file from exampleFiles
5. Either use buttons under the table to compare with specified library or choose detail
6. In the detail view, choose compare with specified library and explore graphs, RMS heatmaps..

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

If you have a suggestion that would make the tool better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch
3. Commit your Changes
4. Push to the Branch
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the GPLv3 License. See `LICENSE` file for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Martin Nguyen - martin.nguyen@student.tuke.sk

Project Link: [https://github.com/gladiatus55/CudaHelioCommanderLight](https://github.com/gladiatus55/CudaHelioCommanderLight)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
